In this module, we learned that Spring Boot is just an
extension of the Spring Framework.
It provides a much simpler and faster way to set up,
configure, and run applications.
I taught you about automatic configuration that
automatically configures the application based on
libraries added to your project's class path.
We looked at starter dependencies that are starter packs that
include all of the dependent libraries you need.
We looked at the CLI,
which is the command‑line interface to rapidly prototype
your applications and the actuator that allows you to manage
and monitor your applications. Next, let's look at bootstrapping a simple application.